Fix invalid link in docs (#440)
apple/swift-argument-parser: Sources/ArgumentParser/Documentation.docc/Articles/ManualParsing.md

Manually parsing commands is a little more complex than parsing a simple `ParsableArguments` type. The result of parsing from a tree of subcommands may be of a different type than the root of the tree, so the static ``ParsableCommand/parseAsRoot(_:)`` method returns a type-erased ``ParsableCommand``.

> Let's see how this works by using the `Math` command and subcommands defined in [Commands and Subcommands](https://apple.github.io/swift-argument-parser/documentation/argumentparser/commandsandsubcommands). This time, instead of calling `Math.main()`, we'll call `Math.parseAsRoot()`, and switch over the result:

Reviewer: Instead of using this markdown link, let's use the DocC style.
```suggestion
Let's see how this works by using the `Math` command and subcommands defined in <doc:CommandsAndSubcommands>. This time, instead of calling `Math.main()`, we'll call `Math.parseAsRoot()`, and switch over the result:
```

Author: looks better
